Warning regarding the new Chance of Whatever or "?" button: make sure you use a valid comparison with this button; otherwise you will get incorrect results. Value comparisons are <, <=, <>, =, >=, and >.

Changes in Version 3.5.9 and 3.4.14

' - add the (Beta) PERT distribution. Like the Triangular distribution, this distribution asks for a minimum value, most likely value, and maximum value. Unlike the Triangular distribution, the distribution is smoothly curved, without the sharp corner ad the maximum value.

' - add Chance of Whatever (or "?") button
The Chance button automatically generates a formula for computing the chance that a SIPmath output exceeds (or falls short of) a particular target value. 

To use the Chance button:

decide what output you want a Chance formula for. For instance, you perhaps have a Uniform random output named Uniform in cell B2.
optionally enter a comparison operation in a cell. For instance, you could enter "<", or ">=", in cell B3.
optionally enter a target value in a cell. For instance, you could enter 0.5 in cell B4.
Select the cell where you want the Chance formula to be placed. For instance, click on cell B5.
Press the Chance of Whatever (?) button.

The Chance of Whatever dialog box opens. The Destination box will already be filled in with the selected cell. (B5 in this example.)
Click on the Output box and then click on the Output cell you want to use. (B2 in this example.)
Click on the Relation box and then either enter a relation directly by typing something like ">" or "<=", or else click on a cell containing a relation. (B3 in this example.)
Click on the Target value box and then either enter the target value directly by typing a value (like 0.55) or else click on the cell containing the target value (B5) in this example.)

Press the OK button, and SIPmath will fill in the destination cell with the Chance formula. 
In this example, the formula would be: =COUNTIF( Uniform, B3 & B4 ) / PM_Trials

Warning: SIPmath does not check that the "relation" is actually a valid formula. If you enter an invalid relation you will get incorrect results. For instance, if you use the relation >< the formula will give a result of 0.

Changes in Version 3.5

' - added formulas to approximate the sum of several independent and identically distributed random distributions.
'   Sum of IID formulas are added for the following distributions:
'      Binomial, Exponential, Lognormal (Percentile), Lognormal (Mean and Std Dev), Normal, Poisson, and Triangular.

Changes in version 3.4

' - added the Metalog distribution.

Changes in Version 3.2.6
' - add rounding to cholesky formulas to avoid some #num errors
' - add discrete user-defined distribution
' - add JSON export
' - fixed bug in Poisson Distribution, that the formula wouldn't work unless file and tab names were very short.
' - fix correlated uniform caption to say Uniform, not Normal
' - Distribution formula random number defaults to HDR
' - fixed bug in RandCell addressing in distributions
' - change CDF charts to use =PERCENTILE() functions
' - add ability to delete PERCENTILE() data
' - to delete %CDF data only, select %CDF chart and press clear
' - group rows on chart tab for easy hiding/showing
' - added Expected Value to series names in charts